\section*{Startup Experience}

\subsection*{Spring 2014}

From Spring of 2014 I was a co-founder \& CEO of Evecon Corp. ---
startup,
\href{https://web.archive.org/web/20160304170331/http://evecon.co/}{\url{https://web.archive.org/web/20160304170331/http://evecon.co/}}

We started developing mobile connectivity and indoor navigation
service but later pivoted to development of online service for
eventing market (was \url{attendlist.co}). My co-founder \& I
graduated from the Founder Institute,
\href{https://fi.co}{\url{fi.co}} in summer 2014. While we were
bootstrapping, I was the only one backend developer where I've used
Scala, Go, Python, Twitter Bootstrap, Angular JS for frontend and
backend and Swift/Objective-C/Java for mobile.

\subsection*{Winter 2015}

In January 2015 we released our first iPhone app on the App Store:
BizCardApp. You can watch a demonstration video
\href{https://youtu.be/TJJCMxzSrDI}{\url{https://youtu.be/TJJCMxzSrDI}}
for our landing page of that time. Its REST API backend and web server
has test-stage and production-stage servers with automatic deployment
process (based on git post-receive hook). I've used this stack: Nginx
reverse proxy, Supervisord for supervising servers, Gunicorn as WSGI
server, Flask web framework, SQLAlchemy as ORM, Alembic for DB schema
migrations, Jinja2 templating system, WTForms for POST forms and
Twitter Bootstrap for frontend design.

\subsection*{Summer 2015}

During summer of 2015 we made another app for the local Harley
Davidson event, called St. Petersburg Harley Days,
\href{https://www.linkedin.com/company/st-petersburg-harley®-days/about/}{\url{https://www.linkedin.com/company/st-petersburg-harley®-days/about/}}.

You can find it on App Store
\href{https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/harley-days/id998388857?mt=8}{\url{https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/harley-days/id998388857?mt=8}}
and Google Play
\href{https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=co.evecon.hdprototype}{\url{https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=co.evecon.hdprototype}}.
The main achievement of that project was a very short time to market:
we made it in 1.5 months, working in our spare time and cutting
features' scope for the goal of meeting the deadline. At the end we
promoted the app during event days to collect installations, and
registered only one known crash for iOS 7. The UI and UX design is not
of its best, but the architecture allowed us to update only content
for every event up to these days.

\subsection*{2016}

We released another mobile app for iOS and Android to engage Harley
Owners in Russia and CIS:
\href{https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/hog-plus/id1434462365?mt=8}{\url{https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/hog-plus/id1434462365?mt=8}}.
The app was designed and implemented for H.O.G. Russia \& CIS. Apart
from the app we developed a back-office to manage loyalty programs and
events in the app.
